it looks like the president is also
watching this press conference he
tweeted 13 minutes ago quote Governor
Cuomo should spend more time doing and
less time complaining get out there and
get the job done stop talking we built
you thousands of hospital beds that you
didn't need or use gave large numbers of
ventilators that you should have had and
helped you with testing that you should
be doing it goes on a little bit more so
wondering if you could respond to that
and then also the question about the
overwhelmed ICU let's respond to the
president first of all if he's sitting
home watching TV maybe he should get up
and go to work right second the let's
keep emotion and politics out of this
and personal ego if we can because this
is about the people and it's about our
job and let's try to focus on that I
have said repeatedly that when we were
fighting for the additional capacity for
a hospital system that the president
moved very quickly and I applauded him
for it
and he brought the Army Corps of
Engineers and he brought them up to
build the jabots into capacity 2500 beds
he's wrong that it has been used about
800 people have gone through Javits to
dismiss 800 people is disrespectful but
we didn't use 2500 beds because we
didn't reach the capacity when he says
well we built it we didn't need it
it sounds like suggestion is well it was
requested by the state that wasn't valid
if he didn't really believe 2500 beds
was necessary I don't believe the
federal government would have helped
build 2500 beds and the the number came
from a projection from him him so he
should read the reports he issues
the white house coronavirus taskforce
had enormous projected in the millions
of people the CDC which is the president
projected in the millions of people so
the projections were high
they were the president's projections so
for him to say to anyone well you've
relied on projections and the
projections were wrong then your
projections mr. president so what we
foolish for relying on your projections
mr. president CDC coronavirus White
House Task Force that's you White House
that's you we relied on your projections
okay shouldn't have relied on your
projections actually I think the
president has a better argument which is
yes we built 2,500 beds
because the projections said it could
get that bad and because we work
together we flatten the curve and we
didn't hit the projection which is
actually what happened but don't suggest
that anyone made a mistake relying on
your projections or on Cornell Columbia
McKinsey etc second I have said a number
of times I don't know what am I supposed
to do send the bouquet of flowers they
were very helpful on Javits they were
very helpful on sending the US Navy ship
comfort they were very helpful in
intervening with China and getting PPE
equipment out of China they were very
helpful in helping us find ventilators I
said thank you thank you thank you thank
you
now come forward we're still in the
midst of it the president doesn't want
to help on testing
he said 11 times I said the one issue we
need help with it is testing he said 11
times I don't want to get involved in
testing it's too complicated it's too
hard I know it's too complicated and
it's too hard that's why we need you to
help I can't do an international supply
chain he wants to say well I did enough
yeah none of us have done enough we
haven't because it's not over so yes
thank you for the Javits thank you for
the US Navy ship comfort but it's not
over we have a lot more to do and no one
can take the posture we'll just say
thank you for what I've done and I'm now
out I'm not doing anything else I've
done my part what if I said to the
people of my state okay I'm done by the
way I saved hundreds of thousands of
lives I flattened the curve I created
more hospital beds than anyone ever
imagined I coordinated the entire stay
I'm done I'm done I'm going home I'm
gonna go see my mother I'm gonna spend
time with my kids and I'm gonna go out
fishing in Connecticut because they're
marinas are open that's it I'm done
what if I said that that's what he's
saying I'm done I don't want to help on
testing testing is too hard and then the
only thing he's doing let's be honest
well it's up to the states to do reopen
by the way it was always up up to the
States
what are you gonna grant me what the
Constitution gave me before you were
born
it's called the tenth amendment I didn't
need the president in the United States
to tell me that I'm governor and I
didn't leave the person in the United
States that tell me the powers of a
state people did that Alexander Hamilton
Thomas Jefferson James Madison they are
the ones who gave me the power and I
don't need the president United States
to read the Constitution for me maybe he
should have read the Constitution before
he said
he had the power to open the states.we
he did a very graceful 180 and many
people allowed him to do the grace for
180 but so he now says it's up to the
governors which he said repeatedly now
yesterday version of yesterday and now
it's up to the governor's to reopen
okay I'm gonna reopen I get it and you
don't want to help on testing which is a
national problem and replicates the same
chaos that you created with medical
supplies because FEMA wasn't ready by
the way I needed a stockpile
where was your stockpile ten thousand
ventilators for the nation that was your
stockpile where your projections the
federal projections said they would need
double the hospital capacity of this
nation think about that the CDC says
double the hospital capacity of the
nation the minimum projection was 2.4
million hospital beds you know how many
hospital beds we have in this nation
900,000 his projection says 2.4 million
hospital beds the whole hospital system
was only nine hundred and his stockpile
has 10,000 ventilators you were ready
with your stockpile didn't you read your
own CDC projection then you read your
own coronavirus protection so thank you
again mr. president for the Javits thank
you for the corona bye for the US Navy
ship comfort
which by the way is just doing your job
as president it's not really thank you
like you wrote a check yourself but
thank you for that we're not out of the
woods we have to go forward we need help
on testing and we need funding it's up
to the governor's it's up to the states
will then provide the funding no they
only want to pass a bill that funds
their small business fund for PPE
this small business program we need to
fund the small business program but you
want to say after just saying this
monumental task is up to the individual
governors and the individual states I'm
providing no help no assistance no
financial money I understand that small
businesses need the funding by the way I
know that airlines need a bailout but
not the states why don't you show as
much consideration to States as you did
to your big businesses and to your
airlines right